Gyeongsheng Bank has a president.
Captain, why are you here?
President of Kinh Thinh Lieu Bach Bank met with Quang Lang Chairman Wang Lieu
Aren't you going to come here and sign the agreement like General Director Chen?
Wang Ling Wang is joking.
I heard about Egret International.
Replacing the actual operator.
To avoid risk to my bank
I have specifically come to inform you that I must withdraw this money in advance for the loan of Egret International.
The captain of this move is afraid of no fire.
Any company has replaced the actual controller.
According to the bank's risk control management requirements
We will reassess and take countermeasures.
According to our evaluation report
International exclusion does not currently have any risk resistance.
To ensure the safety of the bank's money.
We'd like to get it back first.
To be heard
Above me is at least under the jurisdiction of the city of Kyoto.
Immortality
Now invite me to serve.
Control the risk of your bank.
I don't think we're very risk-averse.
You guys are a nine-pocket team.
King Linh Vuong even though he has your support
But you're still a soldier.
For business it can be said to know nothing.
As for family, it's family.
Ms. Chi's business achievements
Excuse me.
This has never been heard of.
And business empires like Egret International
Ask him how he controls it.
OK, how much did you say the loan amount was?
3 trillion